O
after that
gentlemen
still remain in the first 38 min
that's why we want
in her
our
- in Italy
P
luck
in these countries
prison
pedestrians
nevertheless insisted
existed
james cameron
it worked out
I'll be honest
he was punished with a yellow card
I would be here
Rio de Janeiro
are women
for its part
the works were injured added
Guilherme Sillero
the interim leader sebastião
the military was in the same region as africa
will be very exciting in the coming months of training
he behaves differently
defender
questioned about why almada
the gold medal
Be the first one is not this
we need to see how it was
Paulo
we are sad
therefore
the club president
even bruised
Paulo
hawk